the guys greeted everyone came such
here's the phone android landrover me
Ways notice the iron packaging as
about how tea can be so
compare + phone in general landrover
looks hands so shockproof
big phone but you're here a little bit
a little less on his heel let's
let's see what he is
iron cap as desperately so
speak so the charger itself on
5 volts so 5 volts under 5 volts 600
milliampere so the back cover
do it written avoid a mini
yusb cable standard mini usb standard
so screwdriver itself
let's evaluate the phone itself
what do we apply
the phone itself looks pretty and
small world he compares his cigarette lighter
it is possible so well in general can be compared with
lighter if private I find now
lighter and show you
lighter here's a phone well in size
phone a little bit more lighters
very small so well let's
let's see what we have ourselves
buttons so on the front panel
the volume of the speaker then displeychike
my two inches if not less
logistic android
shockproof buttons as stated so
here it is on the right side is a model
so to the right of the country is a dummy below
mikrofonchik well and maturity so with the right
side we have such a stub
under which is the charger
a device that is to have a floor loud
scream lighter on loud so myself
ahead is we do not have the side
is it changed without charging but
supposedly there to plug wrap as the
you can connect headphones but alas there
there is no 35 same three and a half jack
Do not pass for headphones possible through
mini yourself you can beat the day headphones so
well and let's that the most important thing for them
battery because two older brothers
there is a little cooler so would the leotard
on so 3 and sim volts 2880 milliamps on
damn she is probably social sex for
bkb bti battery and thickness and not
inferior lighters by the way can it
notice lit the more so so
Okay, by the way, here we are under the battery
there are two sim cards
3 2 sim cards and sd card model
phone and 8n me so well, and three
major players include these again
i am mutually shockproof phone well i
I think in the next issue we will see
how his
shockproof no so let's still on
back of the view because nobody
I think I did not notice so the camera we have on
2 megapixels supposedly you should be
flash but no
slices not claimed there was a flash but supposedly
there is so well the speaker itself
so well, like so far all of the following
the release will see a review of how he could sit
and write it so thank you all bye